Update content.md (#503)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/04.pro/boards/portenta-h7/tutorials/reading-writing-flash-memory/content.md

```

## Conclusion
We have learned how to use the available space in the Flash memory of the microcontroller to read and save custom data. It is not recommended to use the Flash of the microcontroller as the primary storage for data-intensive applications. It is better suited for read/write operations that are performed only once in a while such as storing and retrieving application configurations or persistent parameters.

## Next Steps

> Now that you know how to use block device to perform reading and writing Flash memory, you can look into the [next tutorial](https://docs.arduino.cc/tutorials/portenta-h7/flash-optimized-key-value-store) on how to use the [TDBStore API](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os/v6.9/apis/kvstore.html) to create a [key value store](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key%E2%80%93value_database) in the Flash memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you know how to use block device to perform reading and writing Flash memory, you can look into the [next tutorial](https://docs.arduino.cc/tutorials/portenta-h7/flash-optimized-key-value-store) on how to use the [TDBStore API](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os/latest/apis/kvstore.html) to create a [key value store](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Key%E2%80%93value_database) in the Flash memory.

```
